hello everybody welcome back to another
annual anime themed video this year is
dedicated to the epic and awesome world
of sword art online I'm going to show
you how to do awesome Azir style which
is a sweet and cute
braided 1/2 do to get started you're
going to create a zigzag hurting the
Arsenal hat I'm using my fingers to draw
this out but you can also do this with a
pointy end of a rat tail comb when you
have your party click away one side of
your hair then grab a section of hair on
the other side and leave some front hair
out to help frame your face divide your
section into three and do a regular
three strand braid as you braid make
sure that you guide your hair back so go
with the flow once your braid is long
enough to reach to the middle of the
back you can tie it off with an elastic
and repeat the same steps to the other
side
now that you have your braids you're
going to flatten them Asuna has really
full and thick hair and if you don't you
can loosen the braids to make them
appear thicker afterward tie the braids
together in the back and remove the
previous elastics next give your little
half ponytail a light tease at the base
to give it some grip then grab your
ponytail and push it up to get a
waterfall effect you can secure this
with a small butterfly clip or pin it
down with some bobby pins I'd suggest
crossing two pins and exclamation and
put the third one straight up in the
middle to keep everything in place if
you have shorter layers then the little
ponytail will look even cuter and you're
done here's the completed look with the
costume both of the outfit and a sword
are from light in the box and I'll be
sure to list their links in the
description box for the most part the
costume is nice and it fits well the
chest armor with a little big on me so I
safety pin it down the middle these
stockings were also too big so I shorten
them and added elastic bands at the top
if you find that your stockings aren't
staying up then a good tip is to use
fashion tape to ensure they'll stick to
your thighs and that's what I did the
sword was really cool and I have such a
fun time playing around with it as for
the shoes I bought the boots and made
the little armors myself once I upload a
DIY tutorial for these boots I'll link
them in the screen and list them in the
description box for you lastly here's
another look at the hairstyle of course
you don't have to dress up as awesome
not to try this out I think it's a
pretty everyday look that it's quick and
easy to do I hope you enjoyed this
year's anime themed video if you'd like
to see more comment below which anime
you'd recommend for me to watch or be
inspired by thank you so much for
watching have a lovely day and I shall
see you back here soon
toodles
you